Full Names: Mankgwanyane Tlaka

Photo: Given via slack

Interests:
Data; Optimization; Software analysis and modelling

Experience that might be relevant to project:
1. I worked on a Comair project, the project spec was to design and implement a Course management system which the business was to use in 
managing all the daily course activities involved between the instructor and the student. Comair is a credited aviation school.
technologies used: .Net
                    MVC
                    Orchards
2. I worked on a SRC electoral system. The solution allowed students of the university of Pretoria to be able to interact 
with the SRC candidates. This included the following functionalities
 A. Communication between several users
 B. CRUD by Admin
  technologies used: c# (windows forms)
                     LINQ and Entity Framework
3. NavUP, worked on the GIS module of the navigate University of Pretoria system. our responsibility was to gather, maintain, persist and provide information related to fixed spatial
information needed for NavUP
 technologies used: MEAN Stack
                    NSQ messaging service
                    
Non-Technical skills
1. Leadership 
  I have been a group leader in the following projects
    - INF 154 Main module project
    - INF 164 Main module Project
    - INF 272 Main Module Project
    - Comair Project (mentioned above)
   
  Class representative role
  -Grade 9 (2010)
  -Grade 12 (2013)
  -INF 354 (2017)
  
  Leader in a Community engagement project
  
2. Communication 
  - Attend training on improving communication skills both online and in person (2010 and 2013)
3. Collaboration
4. Creativity
5. High Emotional Intelligence
  

Why do I want to do this project?

1. Caracal
  - Innovation is what drives people in the computer science industry daily. Caracal proves this point by attempting to create a   solution that will help in not just grading the Grade 12 mathematics papers but mostly save a lot of resources and time. Once again, the power of coding will bring change in the education sector.
  -Being in such a program will mean that I get to be a stakeholder in this life changing project. This project will allow students who are still not exposed to codding to realise the ultimate power which is invested in computer science
  
2. Ecivix  
-South Africa is a nation which is receiving bad ratings in terms of our political issues, with the youth being the future leaders of this county it is sad to know that there are young people who still do not understand the process and power of elections.
-Ecivix is trying to use the power of technology to bridge this gap and bring a solution that will be fun at the same time. It is quite interesting that thousands of  young people will be taught the electoral process through this project.
-This fills me with excitement, to be given a chance to be part of such thinking which will not just bring change but impact the lives of the youth in a good way. I believe that this project has so much power that one can only imagine.

3.// I'll write it tomorrow. still have to read and understand the project
